v3.0, dev/reference: update the descriptions of compability (#1304)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/reference/mysql-compatibility.md

Currently TiDB Server advertises itself as MySQL 5.7 and works with most MySQL database tools such as PHPMyAdmin, Navicat, MySQL Workbench, mysqldump, and mydumper/myloader.

> However, as some features of MySQL are not well implemented in a distributed scenario, TiDB currently does not support these features or, in some way, behaves differently from MySQL. Some syntaxes of MySQL are parsed but ignored in TiDB, such as `Engine` in `Create Table` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, TiDB does not support some of MySQL features or behaves differently from MySQL because these features cannot be easily implemented in a distributed system. For some MySQL syntax, TiDB can parse but does not process it. For example, `Engine` in the `CREATE TABLE` statement can be parsed but is ignored.
```
